DOCS 935: Clarify type usage between app and modular resources docs (#1544)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/glossary/subtype.md

Reviewer: I'm getting a little hung up on "component resource type." I'm wondering if it could be interpreted in too many different ways. What do you think of "...an arm is a subtype of the component type" without "resource" in there? I'm thinking it might be easier to parse.

---
title: Subtype
id: subtype
full_link:

> short_description: A particular implementation of a resource type. For example, an arm is a subtype of the component resource type.

Author: I like the idea here but I don't think the second sentence is easy to parse, maybe 
```suggestion
short_description: A group of component or service models that share the same type of resource API. For example, an arm is a subtype of the component resource type.
```

> short_description: A particular implementation of a resource type. For example, an arm is a subtype of the component resource type.

Reviewer: Oops I left the word "the" in before "component." Just edited to take it out.

aka:
---

> A particular implementation of a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="type" text="type" >}} of {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}}, as delineated by its {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="api-namespace-triplet" text="api-namespace-triplet" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A category within a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="type" text="type" >}} of {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}}.
All resources of a given subtype share the same API.
Models are subcategories within that subtype, implementing the common API.
```
"as delineated by its api-namespace-triplet" makes this first sentence hard to parse. Let's introduce them to the concept in a more concrete way before getting into that more technical piece (see suggestion below for where to put it).

Author: I agree less technical but to keep some of that phrasing in mind for people maybe 
```suggestion
A category within a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="type" text="type" >}} of {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}}.
Resources belonging to a subtype share the same API.
{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="Models" >}} implement that subtype's API protocol.
``` 
?

Reviewer: Okay sure! 
```suggestion

A category within a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="type" text="type" >}} of {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}}.
Resource models belonging to a subtype share the same API.
{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="Models" >}} implement that subtype's API protocol with different drivers.
```
I think adding "models" to the second line will help too.

For example, an arm is a subtype of the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="component" text="component" >}} resource type, while the `ur5e` is a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="model" >}} of the arm subtype's API.

> The [Vision Service](/services/vision/) is a subtype of the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="service" text="service" >}} resource type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Vision Service](/services/vision/) is a subtype of the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="service" text="service" >}} resource type.

A subtype is designated by its {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="api-namespace-triplet" text="api-namespace-triplet" >}}.
```
